Package Tracker User Manual

Launching the program
    You can launch the program through PackageDeliveriesTracker.java
    From there you can choose any of the operations below to interact with the Package Tracker.

Operation 1: List all packages
    1. By clicking the 'All' button near the top, a list of all packages stored in list.json will appear.
    2. If list.json does not exist, there will be no packages to show.
    3. The list of packages will be shown with their Package #, Type, and all related attributes.

Operation 2: Add a package
    1. By clicking the 'Add Package' button near the bottom, a new window will show up.
    2. You then select the type of the package, and enter all related information into the text fields.
        *Everything must be filled in except for Notes, which is optional
    3. When all information is filled in, click the 'Create' button to create a new package and add it to the program.
    4. You can cancel at any time by clicking the 'Cancel' button. This will close the current window so that you can
        interact with the main menu.

Operation 3: Remove a package
    1. You can remove a package from any of the 3 tabs in the main menu by clicking the 'Remove' button on the package
        you wish to remove.
    2. The package will be removed from the system and will be deleted from the list.json file when the program ends.

Operation 4: List overdue packages
    1. By clicking the 'Overdue' button near the top, a list of all overdue packages stored in list.json will appear.
    2. If list.json does not exist, there will be no packages to show.
    3. The list of overdue packages will be shown with their Package #, Type, and all related attributes.

Operation 5: List upcoming packages
    1. By clicking the 'Upcoming' button near the top, a list of all upcoming packages stored in list.json will appear.
    2. If list.json does not exist, there will be no packages to show.
    3. The list of upcoming packages will be shown with their Package #, Type, and all related attributes.

Operation 6: Mark package as delivered
    1. You can mark a package as delivered at any time by clicking the checkbox next to the remove button.
    2. When a checkbox is checked, the corresponding package has been marked as delivered.
    3. You can mark a package as undelivered by unchecking the checkbox.
    4. By default, added packages will be marked as undelivered.
    5. If a package is marked as delivered, the checkbox will be checked when the program loads.

Operation 7: Exit
    1. When you are done, you can close the main window by pressing the red 'X' at the top right corner.
    2. The current list of packages will be stored into list.json for future use.
    3. NOTE: When closing the 'Add Package' window, the program will not exit.